# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
altair==4.2.2
    # via
    #   audio-recorder-streamlit
    #   streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
audio-recorder-streamlit==0.0.10
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   google
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   duckduckgo-search
    #   gtts
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
docstring-parser==0.16
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
duckduckgo-search==7.2.1
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
entrypoints==0.4
    # via altair
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.7
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   streamlit
google==3.0.0
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.159.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.38.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.4
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
googleapis-common-protos==1.66.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
gtts==2.5.4
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   ollama
    #   openai
huggingface-hub==0.27.1
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   torch
jiter==0.8.2
    # via openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
lxml==5.3.0
    # via duckduckgo-search
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   altair
    #   pandas
    #   pgvector
    #   pydeck
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
ollama==0.1.9
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
openai==1.60.0
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
pika==1.3.2
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
pillow==11.1.0
    # via streamlit
primp==0.10.1
    # via duckduckgo-search
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   streamlit
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
pyarrow==19.0.0
    # via streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.10.5
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via httplib2
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic-settings
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   gtts
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.0
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.15.1
    # via scikit-learn
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
speechrecognition==3.14.1
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
sqlalchemy==2.0.37
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
starlette==0.45.2
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.41.1
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   audio-recorder-streamlit
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via streamlit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tomli==2.2.1
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
toolz==1.0.0
    # via altair
torch==2.5.1
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   transformers
transformers==4.48.1
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
typer==0.15.1
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   phidata (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   referencing
    #   rich
    #   speechrecognition
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via phidata (pyproject.toml)
